- [Narrator] The moment
I saw your empty room.
It felt like I'd wandered into
a world where only I existed.
I was lost and all alone.
(rock band music)
- What? She moved?
- Yeah. Her new place is
pretty far away from here too.
- But you said to say hi
to everyone at Jackson's.
- Wait a minute.
You serious?
Oh, I'm really gonna miss her.
- Hold on.
Who did you say is moving?
- Nana Komatsu to Shirogane.
- Why is she moving there?
- Miyamioyamon, Hiro, Asobu...
- Any one of those places
would've been great
for her to live in.
- Those are all the ritzy
parts of town.
- But I knew right from the
beginning
that Nana would choose
Shirogane.
- Why's that?
- Because that's where all
newly weds dream of living.
- Newly weds?
- Yep. Young wives.
Love to roll with the
Shirogane crowd.
- What the hell?
You know, to tell you the truth
I'm kind of relieved.
Besides Nana's gonna look
hot in a wedding dress.
- But even if it is for
the sake of her baby,
how can she marry someone
she's not even in love with?
- Come on.
She wouldn't get married if
she didn't in love the guy.
- But what about Nobuo?
- My guess is she's in
love with both of them.
I'm pretty sure that's
something you can relate to.
- I'm home.
Oh, you're here.
What Shoji did you finally
run outta money to drink
at Jackson's?
- Here's to Nana for
marrying some rich guy.
- So you heard?
While I doubt she'll
send you an invite.
- But seriously paying
a million yen in rent.
Just how rich is this guy?
- Actually it's 700,000.
She just told him if he has
that much money to blow on rent,
he should be saving
it for their baby.
Our little Nana is
actually growing up.
- I suppose that's the
power of motherhood.
- But 700,000 yen is still
a lot of money.
What does this guy do?
- He's a musician.
- Oh man. Another one
of the gurus peeps.
- Well kind of, I know
he is friends with Yasu.
- If Yasu is friends with
him, then he should be cool.
- But if he has that
much money that means
he must be playing in a band
that's making way more
cash than Blast.
Is this guy famous?
- Nah, you gotta be
seriously famous
to make a lot of money in music.
It makes much more sense
that this guy comes
from a rich family.
- Yeah. Do you really think
that a famous person
would wanna get married
to someone like Nana?
Besides you know that if this
guy was even slightly famous
Nana would be letting
the whole world know.
- But that's just, it.
Maybe she's been forced
to keep it a secret
because he is a celebrity.
- What's his name?
- Takumi.
- Oh Takumi is so hot!
- From Trap Nest?
- There's no way.
Are you crazy?
- What are you doing
following me?
Just go home.
- See you guys tomorrow.
- Come on, dude.
I won't stay long.
Just let me see Hachiko
this one time.
- All right, fine.
- Good evening, sir.
- Fancy place.
And it's brand new, right?
Man, the rent must be expensive.
- Yeah. It's close to
the train station too.
- You never take the train,
but this place is like
a fortress of solitude.
Hold on a minute.
We've been held up in
the studio recording.
So is this your first time here?
- No, I had to come here when
I first signed the lease.
- Oh really?
- I had to see for myself
what the neighborhood was like
and if the security
system was good enough,
it's gotta be safe.
- [Nana] Hello?
- I'm home.
- [Nana] Oh, welcome home.
- She was stuttering.
That's so cute.
- You seem to be having fun,
aren't you?
- we're newly weds,
but you're not illegally
married yet.
How serious are you about this?
You still got that
apartment in Osaka, right?
Are you guys gonna live
separately?
- Shut up.
I'll move out of that
place eventually.
- Eventually?
(instrumental music)
- Each floor has its own
locked door?
Tight security.
- I'm not home very often.
This way I know Nana
and the baby are safe.
- Good idea.
Your fans are seriously wacko.
- Why do people get fixated
on chasing an illusion?
Never understand it.
- Because it's an illusion.
Out there in the real world,
you'll never come across anyone
who's as perfect as
you imagine them to be.
But what I don't get
is the fact that
you're marrying the
exact type of woman
you have trouble understanding.
- Nana knows that reality
and illusions are two
different things.
Cause she's figured that out.
She can still dream
without getting depressed.
That's what's so cute about her.
- Hey, I'm just like Hachiko
right?
And that means you
think I'm cute.
Takumi?
- Don't make me smack you.
- [Nana] Hello?
- It's me.
- Wow. What am I gonna do?
I'm getting all nervous.
- You better not stay very long.
This is our first night married.
- But you're not married
and this isn't your
first night together.
- Welcome home.
- Well, good evening.
- What are doing?
- Good evening.
- I can't believe
how cute she is.
- You satisfied? Now go home.
(soft jazz music)
- It's like a palace.
- What's wrong with you?
- You guys must be exhausted
after the recording.
- You're so adorable.
- Would you like to
stay for dinner with us?
- Yes.
- But didn't you tell me you
had to be somewhere else.
- Oh.
- It's all prepared and
ready to eat.
And I went a bit
overboard as usual.
So it'd be really great
if you could join us.
- Of course.
(soft jazz music)
- Wow. Everything looks amazing.
It's so good.
- He really like it, I'm glad.
- You're a great cook.
Just like I'd heard.
It's no wonder this
guy wants to marry you.
- You idiot.
That is not why I
decided to marry her.
I would've just hired a
cook for that.
- Yeah, but there aren't
many chicks nowadays
who can cook up a
spread like this.
And not only that, all the
furnishing and decorating
in this place must have been
hard to pull off so quickly.
- Actually, I had
everything done
by a professional interior
decorator before we moved in,
but it was hard to convey
all my ideas to them.
So it turned out pretty fancy.
- I see.
- Well, you can slowly
change things around
and make it more your style.
Hey, that reminds me.
You didn't get rid of all
your old furniture, did you?
- Oh no.
I used all of it to
decorate the special room.
- Your bedroom?
- No, it's gonna be turned
into the baby's nursery.
The furniture's solid,
but not too fancy.
I just had the wallpaper
changed and you wouldn't
believe how cute the
room looks now.
- Let's take a look.
- Really, you want to?
- It's so cute!
- It is, isn't it?
- Thank you, mommy.
- A floral pattern?
- And what's so wrong with that,
it is the princess' room?
- And what are we gonna
do if the baby is a boy?
- What are we gonna do?
I always just assumed that
I was gonna have a girl.
- That I'm sure it will be.
(laughter)
- I just don't get it.
What made you so
sure about that?
- I'm sorry, I got carried away.
- No, it's fine.
We can change the
wallpaper if we want
or I suppose we could
always just keep trying
until we do get a girl.
- Oh.
- Well then I think
I'll leave you too alone
and head on home.
- You can just ask
the front desk
and they'll call a cab for you.
- Great. Thanks for having me
over
and thanks for the amazing
dinner.
- Please come again
anytime, okay?
- Next time I'll come when he's
not here.
- Oh wait, don't even
talk about that.
- Naoki's a cool guy.
I never knew he was so funny.
I could imagine us
becoming friends.
I'm happy, I got to meet him.
- Is that right?
All he does is wear me out.
Could you draw me a bath?
- Oh, I already did.
- You know, you don't
have to try
and be the perfect
wife all the time.
Let's take a bath together
and we can both relax.
- Well, that might make you feel
relaxed.
- Did you lose weight?
- I did, about six pounds.
- Your morning sickness is that
bad?
- But moving seems to have
been a good change of pace.
So these past few days I've
been feeling a lot better.
Anyway, I was getting a bit
chubby before
so it works out perfectly.
- Yeah, I guess so.
I'm sure once the
morning sickness is over,
you'll get chubby again.
- No way.
- I bet you'll get really fat.
- What will I do?
I gain weight so easily.
Both my big sister and
my mom are kind of fat
and my little sister has to work
so hard
to keep her figure
looking petite.
- How many siblings do
you have anyway?
- There's three of us.
- All girls?
Wow. That's kinda scary.
- We're not scary,
especially not my big sister.
She's nice, like a Buddha.
- So did you tell
your parents yet?
- Yeah, I called my
mom the other day.
- How much did you tell her?
- That I'm pregnant and
that I might get married?
- What do you mean
might get married.
Don't you believe me when I
say we're getting married?
- Yeah. But...
- Oh well.
And what did mama
say to all that?
- Mama?
Well, she said, "Oh wow.
Congratulations."
"You finally did it."
- What kind of mother is she?
- Well, that's just how she is.
- And what about your dad?
I bet he was really
furious when he heard.
- Not really.
He called me right after
I talked to my mom.
He was more shocked
really than anything else.
He just called me names,
like my stupid daughter.
And he asked what kind
of guy you are.
So I told him you were
in the music industry
and you know what he said?
- If he owns a karaoke
bar, we can sing for free.
- I don't think he got it.
(laughter)
So I just avoided
the whole issue
by saying no, he makes music.
- Avoided what issue?
- If they found out that
you're Takumi from Trap Nest,
I know my little sister
would freak out
and tell her friends.
And it'd be a big gossip fest.
Besides there's no way I could
tell them before I tell Jun.
- And who's Jun?
- She takes care of
me, just like a mother.
Even more than my real mom.
She lectures me a lot,
but I know it's with love.
Who knows, maybe I'm Jun's kid.
- You don't have to hide
us from your family.
I've cleared it with the agency.
- We'll send out a press release
when we make it official.
It's not like we have
anything to hide.
There's no point in making
a big deal out of this
since you're not a celebrity.
"This is my wife, now
leave her alone."
Something like that.
I've kept this
coming Sunday open.
Tell your parents we're
coming for a visit
so I can meet them.
Oh, also I want to talk
to them about what date
would work best for them.
I'd rather make it sooner
than later,
cause you're gonna
start showing any day now.
(cellphone ringing)
- "I went over to Takumi's
new pad.
Hachiko is so cute.
And Takumi is really
sweet with her.
I think it's all good, there's
nothing to worry about.
Good night."
- You woke me up for that?
(Reira crying)
(piano music)
- You'll catch a cold.
Why don't you smoke inside?
- It's all right.
I'm just having one.
I don't want the little princess
inside you to start hating me.
- You know, I really enjoyed
that.
Taking a bath together.
It seemed like we felt
more comfortable
and really opened up
to each other.
We should do that
more often, okay?
- Oh, so you like doing
it in tight spaces?
You have to tell me important
things like that, all right?
(cellphone ringing)
- Oh. Hey Hachi, how's it going?
- Hey.
- Sorry for calling so late.
You probably have work
in the morning.
- No.
- Not that it's my business,
but I haven't seen you
since that night we set
off the fireworks.
I was just wondering how you're
doing.
The fireworks were a lot
of fun, weren't they?
It was the first time I'd
ever done something like that.
Oh. And when we made wishes
on those strips of paper?
The summer was so great.
So do you think they still
sell those fireworks?
We should all get together
and light some.
- I'm sorry Shin.
- What for?
- Because I'm a traitor.
I can't hang out with
you guys anymore.
(Nana crying)
- Listen, no matter what's
happened.
I'm always on your side.
- Nana, where's the hair dryer?
- I'm so sorry Jun have a
good night.
- Found it.
What's the matter,
did she start lecturing
you about something again?
- I just got a little
homesick that's all.
- Never, ever mention
that name again.
Even Nobuo has a thing or two
that he doesn't want
to talk about.
- So that's what's going on.
- [Nana] Because I'm a traitor.
I can't hang out with
you guys anymore.
- I like to think that
people are bound by trust.
It doesn't matter what kind
of relationship they're in.
- [Nana] I'm sorry.
Could you give me Yasu's number?
- [Yasu] Reira was in
love with Takumi.
Now looking back, I know it
was nothing but petty jealousy.
I wasn't there for her to
lean on
when she needed
me the most.
- But Yasu you could try
to be there for her now.
- Right now I have my hands
full taken care of you guys.
- Shin?
- Ren, why are you here?
- Listen.
It's really good to see
you guys again,
but I can't stick around.
I gotta take off right away.
Sorry.
- Don't you realize
what you've done?
Nana threw a fit and
it's all because of you.
She's really hard to deal
with when she's like that.
- Oh, sorry.
I just got really pissed off.
It was pretty immature of me.
- Well, Nana was the one
acting immature, but anyway.
- Yeah. I'll apologize to her
when I see her at practice.
- Where are you going
so late at night
with a guitar in hand?
Are you a Nagashi?
Oh, cool.
- What's Nagashi?
- A musician who
wanders the earth,
alone in search of love.
- Oh.
That's cool.
Later guys.
Let's play Majong
again sometime.
Okay?
- He's a cutie, isn't he?
And he's got sex appeal.
I bet you get horny
living with them.
- Yeah as if.
- Haven't you had
enough of women?
- Not even close, man.
I've got a whole
life ahead of me.
- "Dear Nana.
I'm sorry for being so
self-centered.
I understand if you'll
never forgive me,
but I will always
always remember these last
six months living with you.
I feel so lonely knowing
that I may not be able
to see you anymore,
but I just don't
know what to do.
That's why I hope you
guys make it big fast
and get on TV a lot.
Then I can watch you sing.
It doesn't matter who
I'm in love with.
You'll always be my only hero.
Nana, there's no one in the
world who's as cool as you.
Now and forever."
- What are you so upset about?
This isn't a breakup letter.
It's more like a
hot love letter.
- "You'll always be
my only hero."
- You should go see
her at a new apartment.
Don't you wanna see
how excited she'll be?
(dog barking)
- Dammit why should I
have to go and see her?
It's not fair.
- That's what heroes
do, don't you know?
- A humble Nagashi,
at your service.
You by yourself?
Can I come in?
- Sure.
Shin, Mr. Nagashi, I'm
sorry about last time.
- I will now serenade you.
(guitar music)
- "Hey Hachi.
No matter how much or how
often people hurt each other
loving someone is never a waste.
That love letter you
left from me back then?
I still cherish it."